# Account compromizatoin. Idenity Theft.

At this phase you'll need to stop '*Lawyer*' emulator at your mobile device, 
and, instead, enter into emulator of '*Hacker*'.

Emulator of '*Lawyer*' will be opened on your desktop.

## Steps:

#### 1. Stop 'Lawyer' emulator and enter into 'Hacker'
On your mobile device find button 'Stop emulator' and click on it. You'll be redirected to the screen with list of two enulators:

  - Documents Manager
  - Lawyer
  - Hacker

Click on *'Hacker'* and enter password **qqq** in the prompt to enter password


#### 2. Login to Lawyer O10 Identity Wallet Emulator
On your **desktop or laptor** browser, please find Top Menu item *'Accounts'*, 
click on it with **right** mouse button and select *'Open link in new tab'*.

You'll be redirected to the screen with list of two enulators:

  - Documents Manager
  - Lawyer
  - Hacker

Click on *'Lawyer'* and enter password **qqq** in the prompt to enter password

#### 3. Revealing secrets
For emulating hacker attack you'll need to reveal your secret information on your first device and scan it using Hacker Identity Wallet Emulator.

On your desktop or laptor, please find the button with image of **key** on it and click that button.
You'll be prompted to enter your password for confirming that you really want to show secret information. Please enter there **qqq** and confirm dialog.

Upon confirmation it will appear a QR code.

#### 4. Scanning Secret Information with Hacker's Identity Wallet

Now take your device and scan QR code on the computer by clicking on button *'Scan QR'*. 

Once QR scanned successfully you'll be prompted to provide the password of first account. Please enter **qqq** and click on *'Confirm'* button.

#### 5. Hacker Identity Wallet reinitialization

After confirming the password your Hacker's Wallet will be reinitialized and you'll be logged out of it. Please click once again on **Hacker Account** entry and enter password **qqq**.

#### 6. Hacker Identity Wallet obtains your Root Attribute

Immediately after login Hacker's Wallet will be synchronized with the Network and it will receive the same Root Attribute as your original Wallet but without value of that attribute because of anonymous characteristics of the network.

Please expand appeared entry of Root Attribute and you'll see there field for entering value of the Root Attribute. Please enter there value **111** and click on *'Set'* button.

Now Hacker's Wallet is ready for malicious actions.